---
title: "November 6, 2024"
pubDate: 2024-11-06
---
Hi again.

College is finally over; I just have a couple of exams in the next couple of days and it’s over for now. The good thing is that I don’t have to study too hard because my grades have been pretty good, so I don’t need a really high grade in these finals to pass.

I’ve been doing a lot of pretty productive stuff. Today I finally got my ID and renewed my driver's license and opened a new bank account with some really nice perks. The bank’s owner is the same man that is basically paying for my scholarship, so some connections made it easy to avoid the waitlist. I deposited all my money just a couple of hours ago and I hope to get some nice interest benefits. I need to seriously start saving.

I also made the thoughts page, which makes me really happy because I really wanted to make it since I started with the personal page project. Now everything I had planned is done and I can finally enjoy these websites, even if I’m the only one visiting them lol (if you’re reading this send me a DM and I’ll take you out for some ice cream or something).

I’ve been playing a lot of videogames as well. It had been a while since I didn’t turn on my PS5, but yesterday I downloaded Final Fantasy VII Remake and played until like 2 A.M, what a great game. I also beat Undertale, it’s a really mindblowing experience that will make you rethink how you perceive videogames. I never really got what the hype was all about until I actually went and played it, and now I get it. I really get it.

For now, I want to finally rest and start focusing on what I really like. I feel pretty good.
