---
title: "October 24, 2024"
pubDate: 2024-10-24
---
Yeah, it’s been a while.

I haven’t been that busy or anything, college has been pretty chill. My grades are pretty good this semester and I’m really proud of that, because I worked really hard. First semester was pretty horrible, but this one is going great. I’m just really tired, I need a break to focus on the things I really like, I feel like I’ve left my passions aside a little bit, and I want to change that on the next couple of months.

I need to finish my page. Right now I only have the blog ready, but I also have a “Thoughts” window planned, I want to put all my opinions on art and other stuff I like. I currently don’t know how I’m going to design it, but I’m sure I will figure out something.

I’ve been playing a lot on my switch, it’s really one of the best purchases I’ve ever made. I already completed Zelda BOTW and have been playing a lot of Tetris and Hades, I downloaded it a couple of days ago and it’s a great game.

Last night I wasn’t able to sleep, I really don’t know why it costs me so much to get sleep. I got on my bed at about 11:30 and spent more than 3 hours trying to sleep. I just couldn't, I don’t know why and it’s horribly upsetting because I missed a couple of classes I had today. I close my eyes and try to turn off my brain but I just can’t. That’s why I really need a break, I can’t keep getting this horrible sleep.

These last couple of weeks have been the same, actually all of October for me just flew by. It’s already 24th and I don’t know where the days went. Maybe I’m just getting old. I heard that as you get older, time goes by faster because you already experienced a lot of things so everything becomes the same. I think I’m experiencing something like that. I’m already used to this routine so time just flies by and I don’t even realize it until I actively think about it, like I’m doing right now.

Only 2 weeks left until the semester ends, I need to lock in and finish the things I have to do so everything goes right.
