---
title: "October 8, 2024"
pubDate: 2024-10-08
---
Second blog entry, nice.

I’ve been feeling a lot better since my last entry, but I still don’t really feel that good.

Turning 18 feels weird, it’s like I’m supposed to feel like an adult but not much has really changed, I still feel like I don’t know anything. It makes me think adults are sometimes as lost as me and that’s why they do the stuff that they do. There’s not a “How to be an adult” universal manual and that makes me realize that we are all learning together about life.

I’m at a moment in my life where I’m used to my new routine in college and I think that’s what’s making me feel so empty. I’ve been thinking about getting a job but I don’t know how much it’s going to affect my performance. My dad told me a couple of weeks ago that a friend of his might have a job for me somewhere managing a database, he didn’t really give too many details about it. I’m going to speak to her soon and see if anything happens. I’m excited about it because all the money I earn from that job is going directly into my pockets, because the money my scholarship gives me already covers all my responsibilities, so that’s the main reason I want a job, I just like money lol. I also like the idea of working in IT, I think is going to be a great opportunity to learn how my work life is going to be in the future.

I bought a Nintendo Switch a couple of days ago, and I’m loving it a lot. I downloaded Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Super Mario Odyssey, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Tetris Effect, and been playing every day. It’s really a dream come true for me because it’s a console I wanted since it came out in 2017. It’s things like this that really inspire me to keep going, I love creating goals and achieving them, it makes me feel like I’m doing something useful.

I think that’s all for now, I’m patiently waiting for the semester to end so I can finally relax, I really need a break right now.
