---
title: "March 13, 2025"
pubDate: 2025-03-13
---
I don't really have much to say today, I'm mostly writing this so I have a blog post I can link on my new IG post lol.

I took those pictures last week on women's day, but I was was thinking about posting them because I'm using the same pants and shoes as my last post. I know no one's gonna care but it still made me feel kinda weird and I'm saying this to sort of get it out of my system. I know it's really dumb haha.

That day was really cool; I was able to buy some pizza for me and my girlfriend, and we walked through the mall for a while. I'm starting to try and take more pictures because dressing up is something I really like but I still feel pretty insecure about. I'm really not used to calling a lot of attention; quite the opposite, I've always tried to be really lowkey in public but with the way I dress now it's getting really hard. People stare at me _a lot._ I'm really not used to that. It makes me really uncomfortable because I think they're judging me or making fun of me. My girlfriend tells me that I look really good and that I should not think about it but I just can't help it.

I've only worn the outfit I was using that day twice. The jacket is from a brand called Exxa and I love it so much but it looks so exotic and draws so much attention it's hard for me to wear it in public. I don't know why I have such a problem with it. I know it's stupid but my mind just can't stop thinking about it and it makes me feel so bad sometimes. Part of the reason I'm starting to post more often is because I want to stop caring about what other people feel. I want to feel better with myself and express myself the way I truly want to, and it's really hard but I'm trying and trying is at least better than doing nothing. At the end of the day doing nothing is gonna make me feel a lot worse in the long run, and regret is something I don't wanna deal with in the future.

I think that's all I have to say, apart from that everything's been great; I'm updating the thoughts page, college is going amazing, I've been feeling really good in general and I'm about to celebrate a year together with my girlfriend. I bought her a gift she's been wanting for a loong time and I'm so excited even though I don't think the package is gonna make it in time. Let's hope for the best.
