---
title: "February 22, 2025"
pubDate: 2025-02-22
---
It’s been a long while. I don’t really know where time went these couple of months, they just flew by. I’ve just been living; it’s like the exact opposite of how I was in November and December. I actually have things to do now, college has been challenging but I’m more determined than I’ve ever been before. I really want to do this better this year. I’ve been thinking a lot about the way I’m currently living, I can’t believe just how lucky I am for everything that has been happening to me, I can’t take it for granted.

Yesterday I watched a YouTube video by Nathan Zed about how trying too hard has become this thing you should be ashamed about, how being nonchalant is the way to be cool. The video resonated with me a lot, because I feel that personal expression is something so beautiful, something so pure that people suppress just to try to be cool. I don’t want to feel bad about trying too hard. I want to actually care about what I do, about how I look and feel and act, I guess being nonchalant is cool because you do things effortlessly, you make everything look easy. The problem comes when you try to make things look easy without actually putting effort into being good at it. You just make things look lazy, like you didn’t care about it but not in a good way. I want to make things look easy by being good at it. I want to feel authentic; I don’t want to be limited by the way other people think about me, but it’s really hard, I can’t lie. I’ve been trying a lot to be myself, to try new things and express myself purely, but I always have these thoughts, I can’t stop thinking about what other people think about me, and it’s never nice. I hate it so much, but I know I’m gonna get better at it, so it doesn’t worry me. I know it’s a slow process and the fact that I’m even making progress is enough for me.

I’m getting a haircut this Monday, I’m really excited because I’m getting bangs, which is something I’ve always wanted since I was a kid. I really hope it suits me, or else I think I’ll have to go bald or something, no way back. I’ll post some cool pictures to Instagram when I feel comfortable with it. I really need to post more pictures, I enjoy dressing up and looking cool and posting pictures, but I almost never do it, I’m not really used to it.

I’m also thinking about updating the thoughts page more often. I made a Hurry Up Tomorrow entry because I liked the album that much. I’m gonna try to get into the habit of writing more about the albums I listen in the moment, I mean putting an album and opening the notes app and writing about it, just the way I feel about it.

That’s it for now, let’s hope I post more often
