---
title: "March 1, 2025"
pubDate: 2025-03-01
---
Lately life's been really cool.

I cut my hair last Monday, and I feel SO good. It's like I'm finally feeling happy with how I look. I feel like I look so good and I love it so much. I'm just waiting for the right time to take some pictures and post them, it's been a while since I felt this confident about myself.

I just need some new clothes and I'll be even closer to achieving the style I've been looking for for so long. I also had a couple of exams these past 2 weeks and they all went pretty well. I'm currently waiting for the results of my physics and computing theory exams; I also had calculus and telematics and won both of them. This semester's been pretty good thus far; I'm pretty happy with how college is going.

I don't know what's been going on lately, but I've been having this weird energy and I genuinely don't know where it's coming from. It's so strange because all of a sudden I feel really motivated and I want to do a lot of things with my life. I want to decorate my room a little bit, so I've been thinking about what could be a good addition to it. I think some framed posters or pictures on the wall would be a great addition. Or a rug. Or some cool table lamps. I want my room to be less boring, and I've been watching some cool interior design videos so I'm pretty inspired right now. I just need to save some money; interior design is surprisingly expensive.

I also wanna save for a new phone, but I don't really know. My current phone works perfectly, but lately I've really wanted a Samsung phone. I was looking for a good one and found that the A35 is the best option for me. Funnily enough my girlfriend asked me to buy a pair of new phones for her family, and we ended up buying 2 A35's. I helped her set them up and they felt so good, but again, I don't know if I really need it right now.

Looking forward to the future. I really hope I don't lose this energy I currently have, I'm really happy because I actually want to get things done now. Let's hope for the best.
